README.md, before:


# helpshift-react-native

## Getting started

`$ yarn add helpshift-react-native`

### Mostly automatic installation

`$ react-native link helpshift-react-native`

### Manual installation

#### iOS

1. In XCode, in the project navigator, right click `Libraries` ➜ `Add Files to [your project's name]`
2. Go to `node_modules` ➜ `helpshift-react-native` and add `RNHelpshift.xcodeproj`
3. In XCode, in the project navigator, select your project. Add `libRNHelpshift.a` to your project's `Build Phases` ➜ `Link Binary With Libraries`
4. Run your project (`Cmd+R`)<

#### Android

1. Open up `android/app/src/main/java/[...]/MainActivity.java`
  - Add `import com.reactlibrary.RNHelpshiftPackage;` to the imports at the top of the file
  - Add `new RNHelpshiftPackage()` to the list returned by the `getPackages()` method
2. Append the following lines to `android/settings.gradle`:
    ```
    include ':helpshift-react-native'
    project(':helpshift-react-native').projectDir = new File(rootProject.projectDir,  '../node_modules/helpshift-react-native/android')
    ```
3. Insert the following lines inside the dependencies block in `android/app/build.gradle`:
    ```
   compile project(':helpshift-react-native')
    ```

## Helpshift Component
#### Initialize
```javascript
import { 
  Platform,
  Dimensions,
  View
} from 'react-native';
import Helpshift from 'helpshift-react-native';

const user = {
  identifier: 'YOUR_UNIQUE_ID', // required if no email
  email: 'jane@doe.com', // required if no identifier
  name: 'Jane Doe', // optional
  authToken: 'XXXXXXXX=' // required if User Identity Verification is enabled
}

const cifs = {
// 'key': ['type', 'value']
   'number_of_rides': ['n', '12'],
   'street': ['sl', '343 sansome'],
   'new_customer': ['b', 'true']
}

// Where data types are mapped like so:
// singleline => sl
// multiline => ml
// number => n
// date => dt
// dropdown => dd
// checkbox => b

const config = {
  apiKey: 'HELPSHIFT_API_KEY',
  domain: 'HELPSHIFT_DOMAIN',
  appId: Platform.select({ ios: 'HELPSHIFT_IOS_APP_ID', android: 'HELPSHIFT_ANDROID_APP_ID' }),
  width: Dimensions.get('window').width,//iOS only
  height: Dimensions.get('window').height - 300, //iOS only
  user: user,
  cifs: cifs
}

render() {
  return (
    <View>
      <Helpshift config={config} style={{ flex: 1, height: 500, width: 300}} />
    </View 
  )
}
```

## API Usage
#### Initialize
```javascript
import { Platform } from 'react-native';
import Helpshift from 'helpshift-react-native';

const apiKey = 'HELPSHIFT_API_KEY';
const domain = 'HELPSHIFT_DOMAIN';
const iosAppId = 'HELPSHIFT_IOS_APP_ID';
const androidAppId = 'HELPSHIFT_ANDROID_APP_ID';

const appId = Platform.select({ ios: iosAppId, android: androidAppId })
Helpshift.init(apiKey, domain, appId);
```

#### Login
```javascript
const user = {
  identifier: 'YOUR_UNIQUE_ID', // required if no email
  email: 'jane@doe.com', // required if no identifier
  name: 'Jane Doe', // optional
  authToken: 'XXXXXXXX=' // required if User Identity Verification is enabled
}
Helpshift.login(user)
```

#### Logout
```javascript
Helpshift.logout()
```

#### Show Conversation
```javascript
Helpshift.showConversation()
```

#### Show FAQs
```javascript
Helpshift.showFAQs()
```

#### With Custom Issue Fields (CIFs) ([Documentation](https://support.helpshift.com/kb/article/custom-issue-fields/))
```javascript
const cifs = {
// 'key': ['type', 'value']
   'number_of_rides': ['n', '12'],
   'street': ['sl', '343 sansome'],
   'new_customer': ['b', 'true']
}

// Where data types are mapped like so:
// singleline => sl
// multiline => ml
// number => n
// date => dt
// dropdown => dd
// checkbox => b

Helpshift.showConversationWithCIFs(cifs)
// OR
Helpshift.showFAQsWithCIFs(cifs)
```

#### Get Unread Message Count
```javascript
Helpshift.requestUnreadMessagesCount(); // returns Promise

// example usage
async _getUnreadMessagesCount(){
  let count = await Helpshift.requestUnreadMessagesCount();
  this.setState({ unreadMessages: count });
}
```

Commit message:

Bring in updates from Helpshift and Brent (#4)

README.md, after:



# helpshift-react-native

## Getting started

`$ yarn add helpshift-react-native`

### Mostly automatic installation

`$ react-native link helpshift-react-native`

### Manual installation

#### iOS

1. In XCode, in the project navigator, right click `Libraries` ➜ `Add Files to [your project's name]`
2. Go to `node_modules` ➜ `helpshift-react-native` and add `RNHelpshift.xcodeproj`
3. In XCode, in the project navigator, select your project. Add `libRNHelpshift.a` to your project's `Build Phases` ➜ `Link Binary With Libraries`
4. Run your project (`Cmd+R`)<

#### Android

1. Open up `android/app/src/main/java/[...]/MainActivity.java`
  - Add `import com.helpshift.reactlibrary.RNHelpshiftPackage;` to the imports at the top of the file
  - Add `new RNHelpshiftPackage()` to the list returned by the `getPackages()` method
2. Append the following lines to `android/settings.gradle`:
    ```
    include ':helpshift-react-native'
    project(':helpshift-react-native').projectDir = new File(rootProject.projectDir,  '../node_modules/helpshift-react-native/android')
    ```
3. Insert the following lines inside the dependencies block in `android/app/build.gradle`:
    ```
   compile project(':helpshift-react-native')
    ```

## Helpshift Component
#### Initialize
```javascript
import { 
  Platform,
  Dimensions,
  View
} from 'react-native';
import Helpshift from 'helpshift-react-native';

const user = {
  identifier: 'YOUR_UNIQUE_ID', // required if no email
  email: 'jane@doe.com', // required if no identifier
  name: 'Jane Doe', // optional
  authToken: 'XXXXXXXX=' // required if User Identity Verification is enabled
}

const cifs = {
// 'key': ['type', 'value']
   'number_of_rides': ['n', '12'],
   'street': ['sl', '343 sansome'],
   'new_customer': ['b', 'true']
}

// Where data types are mapped like so:
// singleline => sl
// multiline => ml
// number => n
// date => dt
// dropdown => dd
// checkbox => b

const config = {
  apiKey: 'HELPSHIFT_API_KEY',
  domain: 'HELPSHIFT_DOMAIN',
  appId: Platform.select({ ios: 'HELPSHIFT_IOS_APP_ID', android: 'HELPSHIFT_ANDROID_APP_ID' }),
  width: Dimensions.get('window').width,//iOS only
  height: Dimensions.get('window').height - 300, //iOS only
  user: user,
  cifs: cifs
}

render() {
  return (
    <View>
      <Helpshift config={config} style={{ flex: 1, height: 500, width: 300}} />
    </View 
  )
}
```

### IMPORTANT FOR USING COMPONENT ON ANDROID
You must inherit style from Helpshift Themes to use the `<Helpshift/>` component in your app like so:

```
<application>
  <activity
  android:theme="@style/HelpshiftTheme.Light.DarkActionBar">
  </activity>
</application>
```

The options for default themes are:

- Helpshift.Theme.Light.DarkActionBar
- Helpshift.Theme.Light
- Helpshift.Theme.Dark
- Helpshift.Theme.HighContrast
- Helpshift.Theme.DayNight.DarkActionBar
- Helpshift.Theme.DayNight.Light
- Helpshift.Theme.DayNight.HighContrast

If you would like to customize these themes please refer to Helpshift style guide [here](https://developers.helpshift.com/android/design/#skinning)

## API Usage
#### Initialize
```javascript
import { Platform } from 'react-native';
import Helpshift from 'helpshift-react-native';

const apiKey = 'HELPSHIFT_API_KEY';
const domain = 'HELPSHIFT_DOMAIN';
const iosAppId = 'HELPSHIFT_IOS_APP_ID';
const androidAppId = 'HELPSHIFT_ANDROID_APP_ID';

const appId = Platform.select({ ios: iosAppId, android: androidAppId })
Helpshift.init(apiKey, domain, appId);
```

#### Login
```javascript
const user = {
  identifier: 'YOUR_UNIQUE_ID', // required if no email
  email: 'jane@doe.com', // required if no identifier
  name: 'Jane Doe', // optional
  authToken: 'XXXXXXXX=' // required if User Identity Verification is enabled
}
Helpshift.login(user)
```

#### Logout
```javascript
Helpshift.logout()
```

#### Show Conversation
```javascript
Helpshift.showConversation()
```

#### Show FAQs
```javascript
Helpshift.showFAQs()
```

#### With Custom Issue Fields (CIFs) ([Documentation](https://support.helpshift.com/kb/article/custom-issue-fields/))
```javascript
const cifs = {
// 'key': ['type', 'value']
   'number_of_rides': ['n', '12'],
   'street': ['sl', '343 sansome'],
   'new_customer': ['b', 'true']
}

// Where data types are mapped like so:
// singleline => sl
// multiline => ml
// number => n
// date => dt
// dropdown => dd
// checkbox => b

Helpshift.showConversationWithCIFs(cifs)
// OR
Helpshift.showFAQsWithCIFs(cifs)
```

#### Get Unread Message Count
```javascript
Helpshift.requestUnreadMessagesCount(); // returns Promise

// example usage
async _getUnreadMessagesCount(){
  let count = await Helpshift.requestUnreadMessagesCount();
  this.setState({ unreadMessages: count });
}
```
